it's time to explore the last province
on that trip Fukushima now recovering
from the earthquake and tsunami of 2011
Fukushima is a place of hiking mountain
spring and skiing but there is one place
to shelter from the cold underground and
Steve is hoping to surprise island with
some wildlife hidden in these caves
hopefully we will you say haha ah not
built for this this is the elements
through limestone cave system there is
nearly one kilometer of trails open
throughout the year and it's filled with
full milk that filters down from the
mountains above
and it's cold food ow okay my head
against the tight tunnels and sharp
bends quickly block out the wind from
outside making it a good place for
various Vespa bat species to spend the
winter amazing Wow so this is
hibernating
I've never been this close to a bat
that's hanging you can see ho and it
looks like we've got no effort in
holding on you think holes plays body
weight is that right that's one of the
most unique things about that when we
relax our hands fall open but when bats
relax they close up and clench so it's
actually perfectly relaxed right now no
energy whatsoever to hang there in that
position and it will be here for the
entirety of the winter and you can see
it slightly warmer inside the case yes
so it's a great environment for than
hibernating